aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation/README.md, before:

# AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) NodeJS Auto-Instrumentation

Install this package into your NodeJS project with:

```shell
npm install --save @aws/aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation
```

Run your application with ADOT NodeJS with:

```shell
node --require '@aws/aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation/register' your-application.js
```

## Sample Environment Variables for Application Signals

```shell
export OTEL_AWS_APPLICATION_SIGNALS_ENABLED=true \
export OTEL_AWS_APPLICATION_SIGNALS_EXPORTER_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:4316/v1/metrics \
export OTEL_PROPAGATORS=xray,tracecontext,b3,b3multi \
export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf \
export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_TRACES_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:4316/v1/traces \
export OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=console,otlp \
export OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER=xray \
export OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG=endpoint=http://localhost:2000,polling_interval=300 \
export OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=service.name=test-adot-sdk-ec2-service-name \
export OTEL_NODE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS=fs
```

Commit message:

Update README regarding Env Vars, Reorder Env Detector in Env Var logic (#69)
*Issue #, if available:*

*Description of changes:*
1. Add `General Recommendations` table for ADOT JS Env Vars.
2. If user sets the `OTEL_NODE_RESOURCE_DETECTORS` Env Var, ensure that
`env` is at the end of the list if not added by user. (see related
[#53](https://github.com/aws-observability/aws-otel-js-instrumentation/pull/53))

*Testing:*
- See [README in branch
here](https://github.com/aws-observability/aws-otel-js-instrumentation/tree/readme-env-var-update/aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation).

By submitting this pull request, I confirm that you can use, modify,
copy, and redistribute this contribution, under the terms of your
choice.

aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation/README.md, after:

# AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) NodeJS Auto-Instrumentation

Install this package into your NodeJS project with:

```shell
npm install --save @aws/aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation
```

Run your application with ADOT NodeJS with:

```shell
node --require '@aws/aws-distro-opentelemetry-node-autoinstrumentation/register' your-application.js
```

## Sample Environment Variables for Application Signals

```shell
export OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=service.name=example-application-service-name
export OTEL_AWS_APPLICATION_SIGNALS_ENABLED=true
export OTEL_AWS_APPLICATION_SIGNALS_EXPORTER_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:4316/v1/metrics
export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf
export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_TRACES_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:4316/v1/traces
export OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=console,otlp
export OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER=xray
export OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG=endpoint=http://localhost:2000,polling_interval=300
```

### General Recommendations

| Environment Variable | Description | Example |
| -------------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL` | Leave unset so that ADOT JS will use a recommended OTLP protocol | `http/protobuf` |
| `OTEL_PROPAGATORS` | Leave unset so that ADOT JS will use a recommended list of propagators | `xray,tracecontext,b3,b3multi` |
| `OTEL_NODE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` | Leave unset so that ADOT JS will disable a recommended list of instrumentations | `fs,dns` |
| `OTEL_NODE_RESOURCE_DETECTORS` | Leave unset so that ADOT JS will use a recommended list of Resource Detectors. If set, `env` should be at the end of the list | `aws,env` |
