lambda-layer/README.md, before:

# AWS Distro Lambda Layer for NodeJS

This package includes the following three components

1. AWS Lambda Layer implementation for supporting Application Signals in AWS Lambda.
2. Lambda Sample App with AWS SDK to demonstrate Application Signals telemetry data generated by Lambda Layer.
3. Terraform script for deploy the sample app with Lambda layer built from the local package.

## Scripts to build everything

Run the following command in the root director to build both NodeJS Lambda Layer and Sample App.

**Note**: Make sure to install NodeJS 16+ to build the layer. Lower version of NodJS runtime is not supported by AWS Lambda
anymore.

1. `./lambda-layer/build.sh`

## Steps to Build AWS Lambda Layer

1. Run the following command in the root director
    * `./scripts/build_and_install_distro.sh`
2. Run to the following steps in `${root}/lambda-layer/packages/layer` director

    ```any
    npm install
    npm run compile
    ```

## Steps to Deploy this Lambda function

1. Go to `${root}/lambda-layer/sample-apps/aws-sdk` director, run `npm install`.
2. Go to `${root}/lambda-layer/terraform/lambda`, run `terraform init` and `terraform apply`.

The lambda function(`aws-opentelemetry-distro-nodejs`) will be initialized and the URL for an API Gateway invoking the Lambda
will be displayed at the end. Send a request to the URL in a browser or using curl to execute the function. Then,
navigate to Lambda function's Monitoring page.
You will see a log stream with an event time and Traces data corresponding to when you issued the request,
open it and you can find
information about the exported spans in the log stream.

Commit message:

Fix forceFlush issue for Lambda Instrumentation

lambda-layer/README.md, after:

# AWS Distro Lambda Layer for NodeJS

By default, the layer enables aws-sdk and aws-lambda instrumentation libraries only for better Lambda cold start
performance.
You can use the environment variable `OTEL_NODE_ENABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` to enable only certain
instrumentations, OR the environment variable `OTEL_NODE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` to disable only
certain instrumentations, by providing a comma-separated list of the instrumentation
package names without the @opentelemetry/instrumentation- prefix.
Eg, OTEL_NODE_ENABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS="aws-lambda,aws-sdk,http"

This package includes the following three components,

1. AWS Lambda Layer implementation for supporting Application Signals in AWS Lambda.
2. Lambda Sample App with AWS SDK to demonstrate Application Signals telemetry data generated by Lambda Layer.
3. Terraform script for deploy the sample app with Lambda layer built from the local package.

## Scripts to build everything

Run the following command in the root director to build both NodeJS Lambda Layer and Sample App.

**Note**: Make sure to install NodeJS 16+ to build the layer. Lower version of NodJS runtime is not supported by AWS Lambda
anymore.

1. `./lambda-layer/build.sh`

## Steps to Build AWS Lambda Layer

1. Run the following command in the root director
    * `./scripts/build_and_install_distro.sh`
2. Run to the following steps in `${root}/lambda-layer/packages/layer` director

    ```any
    npm install
    npm run compile
    ```

## Steps to Deploy this Lambda function

1. Go to `${root}/lambda-layer/sample-apps/aws-sdk` director, run `npm install`.
2. Go to `${root}/lambda-layer/terraform/lambda`, run `terraform init` and `terraform apply`.

The lambda function(`aws-opentelemetry-distro-nodejs`) will be initialized and the URL for an API Gateway invoking the Lambda
will be displayed at the end. Send a request to the URL in a browser or using curl to execute the function. Then,
navigate to Lambda function's Monitoring page.
You will see a log stream with an event time and Traces data corresponding to when you issued the request,
open it and you can find
information about the exported spans in the log stream.
